Chie's Move List
Dustloop Wiki-esque move descriptions. The current descriptions on the Dustloop Wiki are a bit dated, as well as being a bit terse for readability purposes.

5A
	One of the fastest moves in the game at 5 frames of startup. While we're talking about superlatives, also boasts one of the worst ranges in the game out of any move. As such, does not see much use as a poke in neutral. Shines most in pressure, where it's +0 on block and cancels into every other one of her moves. Common usage is to stagger 5A's, 2A's, and grabs in pressure, as 5A cancels into 2A and vice versa for a maximum of three in a string. On hit can be canceled into 5AA, where Chie can just about always confirm into knockdown. On defense, adequate mash due to its speed, but again suffers from limited range.

5AA
	Second hit of autocombo. By definition only usable if 5A hits something. Most commonly used to confirm 5A hits, as the moderately long animation provides plenty of time to check if the opponent is grounded or airborne and actually in the process of getting hit. In pressure, -2 on block, so not the worst place to reset pressure. Pulls the opponent into Chie, aiding in the whole pressure resetting situation, and can lead to some cheesy things like opening up enough space against a cornered opponent to successfully cross up.

5AAA
	Third hit of autocombo. Leaves a 1 frame gap when following 5AA. Mostly used in autocombo paths to build meter, although Chie's autocombo path is actually rather rare because it's one of her hardest combos. Does not connect against an airborne opponent. Does not cancel into any other normal; only cancels into specials, supers, and OMC/OMB. In pressure, the animation is very obvious, and the move is not tight with itself, so an opponent can DP on reaction most of the time. Goes airborne quickly, meaning an Elizabeth mashing Ghastly Wail will actually whiff the grab against this. Can be special canceled at any time in the animation, although Chie can only use air OK moves during the airborne portion of this move. This means Chie can cancel 5AAA into instant Skull Cracker for a gimmicky overhead in pressure (j.236AB after 2 hits of 5AAA, cancel the animation of SB Rampage by landing, and input Skull Cracker), although the obvious 5AAA animation should make an opponent suspicious.

5B
	Chie's best normal starter. A typical 5B (CH) > 2DD path does ~4.5k damage, builds ~40 meter, and takes the opponent from one corner to the other. Usable as a poke, with less horizontal range than 2A but greater vertical range (the former of which being generally more important). Beyond this, generally used as combo/blockstring filler. Backdash cancelable for -4 on block. Dash cancelable for -5 on block.

2A
	Low kick. The low in Chie's high/low mixup. One of Chie's best pokes, low profiling many other moves such as Narukami's 5B. Situationally can be used to antiair by low profiling the aerial. Better horizontal range than 5B making it one of Chie's longest reaching Persona-less normals. Sees extensive use in pressure due to the fact that it hits low forcing the opponent to crouch block, and it cancels into and out of 5A. Particularly bad starter. Cancels into itself on whiff. Chie's only non-D, non-2C normal that is not jump cancelable.

2B
	Universal anti-air. Unfortunately, not particularly great for it's intended purpose of answering jump-ins. -17 on block and 30 frames of whiff recovery make it particularly risky for Chie to commit to. Chie moves forward during this 2B, meaning aiming this properly can take some practice and that Chie can have some trouble hitting opponents right in front of her face. Sees moderate use as blockstring/combo filler, notably frametrapping after 5A/5AA. On hit forces stand on crouching opponent, which is almost always a bad thing. Sees lots of use in gimmicks, such as 2B air unblockable resets and crossunders. Similar to 5B, backdash cancel is -4 on block and dash cancel is -5 on block.

j.A
	Aerial analogue to 5A, with 5 frames of startup and horrendous range. Can win in air-to-air exchanges, although the range of the move means Chie generally loses these interactions. Cancels into itself even on whiff. Sees some use in aerial combos if other aerials won't work in those situations. Does very little that j.B cannot also do. Often used after airdashed j.BB because she has no other overhead options available at that point. Has a reverse hitbox as well, but this doesn't see all that much use.

j.B
	Important high in Chie's high/low mixup. Slower than j.A at 8 frames of startup, but the longer reach compensates for this fairly well. Sees use as the aerial of choice for safejumps (the other popular option being j.2B). Sees use as aerial combo filler, normally preceding a j.BB and ultimately an air B Rampage. Decently large hitbox means it's usable in air backdashed crossups, although following up after it can end up being slightly tricky.

j.BB
	By definition can only follow up a j.B hit. Sees use as aerial combo filler, following j.B and preceding air B Rampage. Sees use after airdashed j.B for another high when going for high/low mixups.
j.2B
	Command normal version of j.BB. Sees use as the other aerial of choice for safejumps (the other popular option being j.B). Can be used in an aerial combo preceding an air B Rampage, although j.BB and j.C generally do the same thing in those combos for more damage. Can cancel into j.B on hit or block, and using j.2B does not restrict Chie from using j.BB in that same string, so airdashed j.2B > j.BB is a valid string of three overheads.

All Out Attack (5A+B)
	Universal overhead. Sees use as corner ender after 2C for excellent damage, meter gain, and knockdown. In pressure, a fairly quick overhead at 26 frames, although fairly easily to react to by an aware opponent, and heavily punishable on block. Has armor from frames 10-26, meaning it can beat an opponent mashing on defense. Additionally, leaves Chie airborne for most of the startup, meaning an opponent mashing ground throw will lose most of the time. For example, All Out Attack beats Elizabeth mashing Ghastly Wail on wakeup. Very gimmicky as a defensive option, as it jumps over grabs/command grabs and can armor through moves trying to catch the jump out of the command grab. This is generally not the suggested defensive option, but it can be valuable to know that it is an option at all.

Sweep (2A+B)
	Universal low. Similar to 2A in that it low profiles many moves and has decent reach that can be used as a poke, but not quite as safe. Almost always results in knockdown, although in very highly prorated combos the opponent may be able to air tech a sweep ender. In general, sees most use as a combo ender, leading into safejump setup or A Herculean Strike into safejump setup. Combos into C Black Spot, which cancels into A Power Charge or OMB for Chie's more damaging combo routes. -8 on block, so not particularly great in pressure, and only cancelable into jump or specials making the blockstring risky at that point, but important as a fast low to keep opponents crouch blocking throughout strings.

5C
	One of Chie's longer-ranged usable pokes. 5C has the amazing property of actually outspacing some other characters' moves, which is particularly rare for Chie. 12 frame startup with 31 frames of whiff recovery make it not particularly stellar as a poke and fairly easily whiff punished. Sees lots of use in Chie's combos, notably continuing a combo after an air hit B Rampage~B Skull Cracker and in general being a great precursor for 2C or B Rampage. Dash cancelable, which is -3 on block and can be confirmed into a combo on a dash canceled counter hit. Frametraps after A normals in pressure. Jump cancelable, which ends up being particularly useful in picking up combos on airborne opponents, and can lead to intimidating Tomoe pressure in the corner.

5D
	Tomoe pinwheel. Technically Chie's longest range normal, although it doesn't see much practicality as a poke due to 43 frame startup. Last hit reaches surprisingly far and is a fatal starter, but again this is rarely seen. There are very few instances where it is physically possible to use 5D in a combo, and none of these instances tend to be very good choices at all. Almost always canceled into 5DD.
5DD
	Better Tomoe pinwheel. Similar to 5D in that it's nearly impossible to use it in an actual combo. Sees most use in corner oki setup after AoA~D ender > instant air backdash or B Skull Cracker. It's not actually always safe after B Skull Cracker against DPs, but most people don't actually know that and just respect it. Super plus on block, meaning Chie is free to jump in and go for high/low mixup. 43 frame startup makes it easy to react to and punish in pressure; 2DD is generally the better alternative here in that it's much faster and still plus enough for Chie's purposes.

2C
	Chie's only ice-related move, and a new move to Ultimax. Sees a lot of use in Chie's more damaging combo routes, as the freeze gives Chie a lot of time to follow up. 2 hits, and only the second hit freezes, although there aren't too many situations where only the first hit connects. Important to note is that an opponent can only be frozen once per combo. Not commonly seen in pressure, as it's -11 on block and doesn't cancel into many particularly good options. Leaves a moderately large gap that can actually end up catching backdashes and jumps, but it's fairly easily reacted to and Tomoe can be broken easily during startup. Not jump cancelable. Dash cancelable, which ends up being useful in combos, and -3 on block. The ice hitbox actually reaches pretty far and high, so it can be used situationally as a poke, although this is a rather risky idea.

2D
	Tomoe pinwheel. Similar to 5D, except that it's faster, has less reach, and has less frame advantage. At 26 frames of startup, it actually becomes usable in areas besides just okizeme. Namely, it can actually be used in certain combos, and 2DD consequently becomes usable in combos as well. Except in very particular combos, almost always canceled into 2DD.
2DD
	Best Tomoe pinwheel. Sees fair bit of use in okizeme setups after B Skull Cracker in the corner, although an opponent delaying their tech can avoid the move. (TODO: Pretty sure it's safer against DPs, but not sure how much. Should investigate). Much more usable mid-pressure than 5DD, and +62 is generally a good enough of a frame advantage. An aware opponent can still recognize the startup and punish Tomoe or Chie, depending on spacing. Sees lots of use in 5B counter hit punishes, and a bit more usage in some other combos.

j.C
	One of the few normals in Chie's arsenal that people have described as "good." Very strong air-to-air option given it's horizontal and vertical hitbox. A bit slower than j.A and j.B at 11 frames of startup, but the hitbox more than compensates for that. The vertical hitbox means it can deal with opponents slow to anti-air fairly well. j.C's primary functionality as an anti-anti-air stems from the fact that it halts Chie's downward momentum, which can cause anti-airs to whiff and lets Chie come down to punish the whiff recovery. Sees some use in hitting a baited grounded throw tech. In combos, generally leads to air B Rampage. Surprisingly good at crossups, although it's difficult to actually capitalize off of a successful crossup.

j.5/4/2/8D
	Tomoe helicopter. Each of the directional input causes Tomoe to go in a different direction while helicoptering. Similar to j.C, j.D halts Chie's aerial momentum, but this cannot be used to bait anti-airs well as Chie stays floating for so long that most anti-airs recover in time to try again when gravity finally starts to kick in. j.8D is primarily the choice for use in combos, as the other j.D's tend to have trouble reaching high enough for most combos. The other j.D's can be useful for covering Chie's approach or her escape from the corner, but at some spacings the opponent can just run under Tomoe and punish Chie. Very plus on block, but a bit scary to use in pressure due to long startup.

Ground Throw (C+D)
	Universal ground throw. Very important tool for Chie in pressure to ensure an opponent cannot just crouch block and then fall asleep. Sees most use in 5A/2A/grab pressure. Can be comboed after using OMC/OMB, or 2A on counter hit. After a normal grab, Chie does not get much, not even a safejump. Somewhat risky as grab whiff recovery is rather lengthy and a teched grab results in a spacing that is generally disadvantageous for Chie, in addition to the one who teched being +2.

Air Throw (j.C+D)
	Universal air throw. Similar to ground throw, can be comboed after using OMC/OMB, or microdash 2A on counter hit. On whiff, significantly less whiff recovery than ground throw. One of Chie's better tools for catching opponents out of the air, and 4 frames of startup is very fast. Additionally, sees use in resets catching opponents blindly air teching, although more aware opponents will tech the throw or adjust their air teching habits in a way that air throw will not connect.

Furious Action (B+D)
	Referred to in the Persona community as DP. Chie's DP is a counter that, if hit or grabbed in a 9 frame window, will kick diagonally upward. Very small catch window makes it very difficult to time properly, and many slower blockstrings end up accidentally baiting Chie's DP due to this. Fatal recovery makes it particularly scary to use. Additionally, Chie's DP has armor, not invulnerability, so moves can be jump/backdash/One More!/DP/etc. canceled to be safe. Because it recovers so quickly, can be used to force Chie into awakening fairly safely. First hit of the counterattack hits low, which can actually catch some opponents by surprise. If the first hit is blocked, it can be canceled immediately into A Power Charge to be plus, with a followup 5A actually being tight. On counterhit, can be comboed after with A Power Charge > microdash 5C. In the corner, doesn't need the counterhit and can be comboed after with 5A.
Air Furious Action (j.B+D)
	Air DP. Chie's air DP doesn't have the counter catch and instead goes directly into the kicks. At 6 frames of startup and 7 frames of invul, actually a pretty fast option. Unfortunately, Chie is in fatal recovery state until 15 frames after landing, so it's fairly easy to punish. Air DP is mainly a good option because it's a bad option and not used often, so opponents rarely expect it. On counter hit, air DP can be followed up by the same options as ground DP.

Guard Cancel Attack (6A+B)
	Guard Cancel Attack goes by many names, often depending on what game the person talking played before Persona. Some examples include counter assault, alpha counter, dead angle, etc. Costs 50 meter. Chie's Guard Cancel Attack uses her 5B animation, meaning it suffers from the same depressing range as 5B. Guard Cancel Attack has armor, meaning it's still possible for an opponent to jump/backdash/One More!/DP/AOA/etc. cancel to punish it on reaction. Moreover, because of how armor works in Persona, each hit slows down the animation of the move, giving the opponent more time to react to the Guard Cancel Attack. Given that an opponent has to be hitting Chie for Guard Cancel Attack to be available, this becomes a particularly depressing option. Can cancel into OMC/OMB but it is physically impossible to kill off of a combo with a Guard Cancel Attack starter. Similar to air DP, can be a good option because it's not a particularly good option and thus won't be expected.

Guard Cancel Evasive Action (6A+C)
	Goes by less names than Guard Cancel Attack. Often called Guard Cancel Roll. Uses 50 meter just like Guard Cancel Attack, and can be grabbed out of like a normal roll. Generally the better option of the two guard cancel options, as it's harder to bait and doesn't suffer from the 5B range problem or the armor problem. Additionally, against an opponent not expecting it, it can leave a large opening for Chie to potentially get a counterhit 5B in.

A Rampage (236A)
	A version of grounded Rampage. Against an airborne opponent, pushes the opponent too far away for any meaningful followup. Not a good option as midscreen combo filler because generally does not lead to good knockdown and the damaging combos are generally suboptimal. Sees more valid use in corner combos. In pressure, frametraps after A normals. -8 on block, but leaves a 1 frame gap when canceled into A Skull Cracker, resulting in a rock-paper-scissors-esque guessing game of mashes, DPs, blocks, and Skull Crackers. Goes airborne, so can lead to a fast overhead with OMC > j.B. In combos, only combos into A or SB Skull Cracker.
B Rampage (236B)
	B version of grounded Rampage. Unlike A Rampage, actually combos on airborne opponents, making it a crucial part of many of Chie's combos. +2 on block, allowing Chie to reset pressure, and doesn't leave a gap when canceled into any Skull Cracker. Deceptively unsafe in pressure, as it will go over a crouching opponent midscreen leaving Chie open for a pretty big punish, and in the corner there's a fairly large gap in the hits where an opponent can 2B or DP. Longer startup than 236A means it can be harder to combo into this on a grounded opponent. In combos, combos into all Skull Crackers.
SB Rampage (236AB)
	SB version of grounded Rampage. Suffers from A Rampage syndrome in that it pushes an airborne opponent too far to combo. In combos, often used to get a B Skull Cracker when a B Rampage wouldn't work. In pressure, can frametrap or be tight depending on the normal preceding it, and is +6 on block allowing for pressure to be reset very easily. Doesn't leave a gap when canceled into any Skull Cracker. In combos, combos into all Skull Crackers, and can sometimes be followed up by quick normals.
Aerial A Rampage (j.236A)
	A version of aerial Rampage. Similar to the grounded version, does not work well against an airborne opponent. In general, sees very little use. This is actually probably the move that sees the least practical application.
Aerial B Rampage (j.236B)
	B version of aerial Rampage. In general, sees similar use as the grounded version in comboing airborne opponents. The main difference between whether Chie chooses aerial B Rampage or grounded B Rampage is whether or not she is in the air at the time. It's very difficult to meaningfully hit a grounded opponent with this move because it launches Chie well above her opponent, so this version is almost exclusively used in combos. Very good at confirming hits from air normals.
Aerial SB Rampage (j.236AB)
	SB version of aerial Rampage. Inputting a direction after the 236 will change Chie's trajectory to that direction, although this has yet to see much practical application. Unlike the grounded version, it's possible to combo an aerial opponent with the aerial version, although it's generally fairly difficult, very situational, and not particularly optimal. The main usage of aerial SB Rampage is by using it while Chie is landing, canceling the startup of the move by landing, and inputting a Skull Cracker for an instant Skull Cracker.

A Skull Cracker (236A after Rampage)
	A version of Skull Cracker. Generally only used after A Rampage, as B Skull Cracker is generally preferable if possible. Hits high, then low, meaning it's a great tool to catch people who have never seen Chie before or who aren't paying attention while blocking. In pressure leaves a 1 frame gap after A Rampage to catch mashes, and can be replaced with 2A or grab for a fairly slow mixup. -12 on block, so not particularly safe, although can be canceled into A Herculean Strike for a 5 frame gap. Not a good choice in a midscreen combo, as it generally does not lead to good knockdown and is not part of an optimal damage path. In the corner, can pick up after with 5A/5B depending on the proration. Leads into C Dragon Kick and C Black Spot.
B Skull Cracker (236B after Rampage)
	B version of Skull Cracker. Generally the better option when choosing between A Skull Cracker and B Skull Cracker. When used after a B Rampage against an airborne opponent midscreen, can be followed up with microdash 5C. When used in the corner, can be followed up with 5C regardless of opponent's prior aerial state, assuming proration allows. Does not combo after A Rampage, allowing for a reset, although an aware opponent will input the correct high/low blocks and not get reset. Can be followed up with B Herculean Strike, D Dragon Kick, or D Black Spot for damaging paths. Leads to good knockdown for safejump setups, and can be followed up with 5DD/2DD in the corner for oki. In pressure, B Skull Cracker has a much slower startup than A Skull Cracker, so it can be used to mess with the opponent's expected timing of this high and low, or cause them to block low expecting the 2A, ultimately resulting in them getting hit high and looking foolish. Also generally the Skull Cracker of choice when going for instant Skull Crackers.
SB Skull Cracker (236AB after Rampage)
	SB version of Skull Cracker. Pretty much identical to B Skull Cracker, only doesn't end in knockdown, is tight with every Rampage, and can be comboed into from any Rampage. Leads into B Herculean Strike, D Dragon Kick, and D Black Spot. Used in combos to connect an A Rampage to a D Dragon Kick, although SB Rampage into B Skull Cracker is generally the better alternative. When used as an instant Skull Cracker, leads to more damaging combos than instant B Skull Cracker by about 1.5k damage. When used in pressure, nearly identical to A Rampage except it costs more meter, so it's rarely used.

C Dragon Kick (236C)
	C version of Dragon Kick. Chie launches diagonally into the air. C Dragon Kick is generally used as a combo ender following A Skull Cracker or A Herculean Strike, dealing large amounts of damage, particularly when Power Charged. Because it allows opponents to air tech, it's generally only used in a killing combo. Can be canceled into Agneyastra for more damage. Situationally can be canceled into OMB, for an extension, but this is rather inconsistent and OMBs are D Dragon Kick is generally the more consistent one to OMB. In combos, D Dragon Kick is almost always better, so C Dragon Kick is usually only used when the combo can't go into the D version. Can be useful as a surprise move in neutral, covering a decent angle and dealing decent damage, but Chie is in recovery until well after she lands making it super punishable and very risky. Works a surprising amount of the time at round start.
D Dragon Kick (236D)
	D version of Dragon Kick. Generally the preferred Dragon Kick in combos due to higher damage and ability to follow up with OMB. Generally follows B Herculean Strike or B Skull Cracker in a combo. Outside of combos, sees less use than C Dragon Kick, as it has 12 more frames of startup.
SB Dragon Kick (236CD)
	SB version of Dragon Kick. Generally works any time D Dragon Kick works. While it has less damage than D Dragon Kick, the main advantage of SB Dragon Kick is that Chie retains all her air options after use, meaning most combos can go for an aerial Dragon Kick after an SB Dragon Kick. In neutral, a better choice than C Dragon Kick due to the retention of aerial options, despite having the same startup as D Dragon Kick.
Aerial C Dragon Kick (j.236C)
	Aerial version of C Dragon Kick. Aerial C Dragon Kick doesn't see much use, as it can be almost always replaced by aerial D Dragon Kick. 2 frames faster than D Dragon Kick, so there may be situations where it will work where aerial D Dragon Kick won't, but these instances are few and far between. Significantly less damage than the other aerial Dragon Kicks.
Aerial D Dragon Kick (j.236D)
	Aerial version of D Dragon Kick. Generally the aerial Dragon Kick of choice, offering much the same benefits of grounded D Dragon Kick. While it has less damage than its grounded counterpart, aerial D Dragon Kick boasts 16 frames of startup over the 30 frames of the grounded version, which makes it more usable in certain longer combos. Common usages are following an SB Dragon Kick, following an Agneyastra, or just to end aerial combos. Sees some use in neutral, similar to grounded C Dragon Kick, and similarly works at round start occasionally.
Aerial SB Dragon Kick (j.236CD)
	Aerial version of SB Dragon Kick. Similar to grounded SB Dragon Kick, Chie retains all her air options after use. This means that Chie can chain a bunch of aerial SB Dragon Kicks in a row, although more than one SB Dragon Kick won't work in a combo and the practicality of this as a movement option is highly suspect. Similar to the grounded version, can be used to add a bit more damage to a combo by inserting it before an aerial D Dragon Kick. Also sees use in getting Chie out of the corner quickly after an air tech.