Chie's Moves:

5A
	One of the fastest moves in the game with 5 frames of startup. +/-0 on block and very little whiff recovery makes it a favorite move of many Chies. Goes into stagger pressure with 2A/5AA, or a grab, and can be canceled into just about any move (besides things like 5AAA of course), including another 5A with a small delay and microdash. Off of any hit leads into 5AA and into a full combo into knockdown. Suffers from minuscule range as possibly one of the shortest range normals in the game. As such, it should probably be used a lot less often than it is, particularly in neutral. Useful as a mash because of its speed.
5AA
	Confirms any 5A hit into a combo. Adding a small delay after a 5A allows you to catch opponents mashing or jumping out of your pressure, and is -2 on block making it not the worst place to reset pressure or go for a grab. 5AA has 0 P1 meaning it's actually as good a starter as 5B (You can 5AA CH > 2DD and go down the 5B path). It's almost impossible for this move to whiff because the leading 5A has to hit although there are situations with 5A where only the second hit of 5AA will hit. The move lasts a long time which gives you a lot of time to confirm 5A hits or think about how you want to continue your pressure. Note that this is actually a pretty good point for your opponent to Burst if they're fast, as 5AA is not jump cancelable and doesn't gattle into other normals until after the second hit.
5AAA
	A very situational move. Used almost exclusively in autocombo paths to build meter. Has sizable gaps in the hits for an opponent to DP through and is VERY easy to react to, and there's no good way to cancel the move to bait that. Usable in pressure if canceled into j.236AB whiff > 236B instant Skull Cracker/2A between the second and third hit. 5AA > 5AAA is never tight, so theoretically could catch people mashing or trying to jump out and the autocombo path on 5AAA starter is a lot more lenient than on a 5A or 5AA starter. 5AAA also has 0 P1 so it's technically as good a starter as 5AA/5B, but where it leaves the opponent means you can't follow up with much. When you're in the corner and hit with this, you can combo into 236B~236B. This only works when you're in the corner or on Fatal Counter.
2A
	Strong poke. Low profiles things like Mitsuru's Coup Droit and some aerial approaches, and has very good range for Chie. Sees decent use as an antiair because of the Chie's smaller hurtbox, although obviously doesn't have the best vertical hitbox. Also useful for low profiling some higher projectiles like Narukami's air Zio, which prevents opponents from approaching freely using the blockstun of the projectile. Slower than 5A at 7 frames of startup, and with 12 frames of recovery as opposed to 5A's 6 frames, and -3 on block. Hits low so very important in high/low mixups. 500 P1 so doesn't lead to particularly damaging combos, making it one of Chie's worst starters, although with resources and corner does lead to good damage (8k with 150%, corner, and OMB). Cancels into itself even on whiff and into 5A, allowing 5A/2A/grab pressure, although 5A and 2A can only be used a collective 3 times in a string. Because it does have so much more range than many other of her moves, sometimes you'll end up whiffing with followup moves; 2B and sweep are some of the safest followups if uncertain about distance and spacing.
	
5B
	One of Chie's strongest combo starters, particularly on counter hit (214C Fatal Counter antiair is the only thing comparable). Other than that, not very notable. Less range than 2A and -7 on block, 18 frames of whiff recovery, and hits mid, leaving it mostly as combo/blockstring filler. Jump, dash, and backdash cancelable on hit/block, allowing you to reset pressure if your opponent doesn't react: dash cancel > 5A, backdash cancel > microdash 5C/2B. If an opponent doesn't hit with DP and you don't punish with 5B or 214C, then you're doing something very wrong.
2B
	Universal antiair, decent head invul, air unblockable, but difficult to space well because it moves Chie forward and the hitbox isn't particularly large. Would be godlike with a nonsliding version too, but alas we don't have that. Powerful, and leads to very damaging combos, but takes a lot of practice in order to use effectively. Because of the sliding aspect of the move, can cross under aerial opponents, although the crossup doesn't really matter too much because it's AUB. The only time the crossing up comes into play is after an aerial blockstring so the AUB doesn't play a factor. Tons of recovery on whiff allowing for easy whiff punishes by opponents. Much more useful when used in 2B AUB resets/setups in the corner. Like 5B, often used as combo/blockstring filler although it does force stand on hit, which can limit the power of crouching confirms. Similar to 5B, is jump cancelable, dash cancelable, and backdash cancelable, and these cancels provide similar utility to the analogous 5B cancels. The sliding of 2B is particularly handy in combos/blockstrings to close distance allowing followups that might previously be too far away. When input after a dash command, Chie will slide significantly further (about the length of a backdash; similar range to 5C) allowing 5B > backdash > 66 2B to hit an opponent potentially for a surprise factor.

j.A
	Very fast aerial that cancels into itself even on whiff. Because it's so fast and has essentially no whiff recovery due to its self-canceling nature, it's very tempting to spam while in the air. Suffers from the same problem as 5A however, in that it has very little reach. Has small hitbox behind Chie allowing for some crossup shenanigans. Hits high, although people prefer using j.B/j.2B as an air-to-ground high hit (I'm not 100% of the reasons but I feel more comfortable dealing with j.B/j.2B timings and the higher Attack Level of the aerial B moves means more hitstun). Usable in air-to-air situations. Can be used to confirm off of ground-to-air hits like after 2B or 5C, or in some situational air confirms to combo into j.236B when other moves wouldn't work (C+D (CH) > 2A > 2B > j.A > j.236B~236B for example).
j.B
	3 frames slower than j.A and can't cancel into itself on whiff. What this move does have, though, is a significantly farther range than j.A which makes it better than j.A at times in air-to-air situations. Unfortunately, "farther range than j.A" does not mean much, as it does get outranged by many other characters' moves. Also good as air-to-ground high. Easy to confirm hits and good for high/low mixups, particularly when airdashed. Airdashed j.BB > j.A > j.236AB (whiff) > 236B is 4 overheads in a row, for example. Sees use in air confirms often such as off of 2B or AoA~C.
j.BB
	The followup to j.B. Mostly sees use after airdashed j.B to add more highs to the mixup, or in air combos such as after 2B > j.B or as filler in an air blockstring. By definition, this version of the move has to follow a hit or blocked j.B so it will obviously only see use after j.B. j.2B is the command normal version of this move that sees more creative uses.
j.2B
	The command normal version of j.BB. Can be used as an aerial poke like j.B, but it comes out 1 frame slower and recovers 1 frame quicker, and has the horizontal hitbox of j.A and a significantly larger vertical hitbox. Sees a lot of use in safejumps after Sweep or 214A. Dustloop wiki states that it's mostly used in aerial combos before going into j.236B (5AA > 5C > 236A~236A > 5B > 5C > hop cancel > j.2B > j.236B~236B, for example), but most of the time jump cancel j.C can replace the j.2B for more damage and easier input. On hit/block, can cancel into j.B, although there seem to be no practical applications of this.

All Out Attack (A+B)
	Universal overhead. At 26 frames of startup, it's actually one of the fastest standing overheads in the game. Very risky to use in pressure but leads to massive damage, like every other AoA, particularly in the corner off of AoA~D (~3000 damage/+40% meter/hard knockdown for meterless route. Add about 1500 damage for each 50 meter/burst consumed -> ~9000 damage using 150 meter/OMB). AoA~C does not lead to good knockdown except with OMB or airgrab resets, but does lead to decent damage. In pressure should be used very sparingly, mainly if the opponent is focused on blocking low and teching grabs, and is not Fuzzy Jumping out of pressure. Easily punishable on whiff and leaves a large enough gap in pressure for opponents to jump out rather easily and punish. Has armor from frame 10 until active, which can be used very situationally, such as punishing a poorly spaced Marie j.C, although it's often not the best choice of moves for a punish. Can be used in Teddie's smoke bomb as an invisible overhead as a gimmick. The main use this move sees is following 2C in the corner for a good combo ender providing solid damage, meter gain, and knockdown (which leads into IAD back 5DD oki) and opportunity for D God's Hand ender. Chie has both a grounded phase and an airborne phase and can be ground/air thrown out of their respective phases. One value of this is baiting a throw tech and AoAing, as they can't ground throw during the airborne part of AoA, although this can be OS'd out of.
Sweep (2A+B)
	Universal low. Chie ends up using this move a lot. Cancels into specials, although 214A, 214AB, 214C, 236236A, and 236236C are the only moves that will really follow it up on hit. Often used to end a combo or as the penultimate hit before 214A for safe jump setups. Ending in sweep provides a tighter safe jump but less damage and a different timing from 214A safe jump. Also provides knockdown more consistently than 214A as after some longer combos 214A will allow opponents to air tech. Note that sweep will allow the opponent to air tech in some very long combos. Also pops the opponent up so sees use in Fatal Counter combos for 5C IAD j.2B loops. In pressure, provides a low that can be canceled into from just about any normal which forces the opponent to block low during pressure. As a starter, does not lead to much without meter. A Power Charge, 214AB, and OMB can be used to convert sweep into a combo. Jump cancelable and hop cancelable which helps extend pressure albeit not particularly safely. Chest invuln from frames 4-11 so can low profile some pokes with a slightly shorter hitbox than 2A. Also has a hitbox behind it, which provides very limited utility besides maybe tagging Personas/Koromaru. Sizable whiff recovery of 20 frames and -8 on block, and doesn't cancel into any normals.
	
5C
	One of Chie's longest range normal. Very solid poke and actually outranges some normals of other characters, which is amazing for Chie. In neutral, one of Chie's main pokes of choice along with 2A, although has long whiff recovery and Chie only has 3 Persona cards so whiffing it is very risky. Also has good vertical hitbox allowing it to hit aerial opponents although without the AUB of 2B or any invul at all making it trade often. On aerial hit combos into IAD j.A or 2C. On grounded counter hit combos into 2C or dash canceled 5A/5B. On grounded non counter hit only combos on a near hit with 5B/2B. Provides good damage as combo filler and often leads into 2C or 236B~236B in more damaging paths. Very strong in pressure. Can be dash canceled to be -3 on block and can be jump canceled or hop canceled as well. In the corner Chie can jump back and spam j.C and jump canceled 5C's for surprisingly safe pressure that outspaces most DPs and gives enough space to react to rolls, and can leave Chie pressuring with Persona normals while rather far away from the opponent. Leaves a very small gap (3 frames) if used after 5AA; does not leave a gap after 5B. Supposedly, using 5C after a dash increases the range, but due to the sliding nature of the move it's kinda hard to notice a difference in practice.
	TODO: Something fun will be to see what the frame advantage is on hit for dash cancel. CH can combo, but I know non-CH can't.
2C
	New move to Ultimax. Doesn't see much use in neutral due to slow startup and recovery, but does have decent range and is very easy to confirm off of because it freezes the opponent. Not particularly great in pressure again due to slow startup and recovery. Will catch opponent jumping out of pressure if following 5C as it does leave a 7 frame gap, but will lose to mashing and rolls, and it's hard to continue pressure after it. On block the only reasonable followups are D normals, and those are most effective in the corner, so pressure essentially ends once this move is thrown out. 2C > 2DD leaves a 7 frame gap. Special cancelable, although because 2C pushes the opponent away some followups may not reach effectively. In the corner, leaves a 3 frame gap when canceled into 236B so that can be used to extend and reset pressure. Dash cancelable to be -3 on block, but easily reacted to for an opponent to mash out of. Mainly seen in combos as it leads to excellent corner carry on midscreen combos, allows for AoA~D combo enders in the corner, and leaves enough time in the corner for 236236B mid-combo for very damaging combo paths. Can be used for gimmicky resets if the opponent is bad at shaking out of ice. Note that opponents can only be frozen once per combo and that the freezing occurs on the second hit so using 2C may not actually freeze against a high opponent. Combos after 5C on air hit or counter hit although it's difficult to get this confirm purely on reaction to the 5C hit.

5D
	Technically Chie's farthest reaching normal, but it is very slow and Tomoe is easily punished. Almost always canceled into 5DD. Sees very little use in neutral, slow startup (43 frames) makes it risky to use in pressure, and can't really be used mid-combo except maybe after OMB. Plus on block, although pales in comparison to 5DD. Last hit is a fatal starter, and can lead to a full Fatal Counter combo, but landing a Fatal Counter 5D hit is extremely rare and should not be regarded as feasible.
5DD
	Whenever a Chie uses 5D without canceling into 5DD, it's almost always a mistake. Very strong okizeme tool often used in the corner after B Skull Cracker, forcing the opponent to block and leading to another combo ending in B Skull Cracker on hit. Can be used after B Skull Cracker midscreen as well if microdashed, but the timing is less tight meaning the opponent can potentially mash out and can get pushed out fairly easiliy. Not particularly usable mid-combo except maybe after OMB. Risky to use mid pressure, but leaves Chie incredibly plus on block allowing for high/low mixup under the protection of this move. Fairly small hitbox meaning Tomoe can be hit by longer range pokes mid-move. Long startup and recovery means if the move whiffs (ex: opponent rolls between 5C > 5DD), the opponent can punish pretty hard. In some spacings and timings against some characters, will catch rolls and lead to decent combo.
2D
	Similar to 5D although with less startup, less frame advantage on block, and Tomoe doesn't go as far. Almost always canceled into 2DD. Can see situational usage with 2D > C+D tick throw as opponents will often be expecting 2DD and will prepare for the incoming mixup without expecting a grab to come so quickly. Faster startup means it can be used mid combo such as after counter hit 5B, which is where 2DD sees a lot of usage.
2DD
	Similar to 5DD although with less startup, less frame advantage on block, and Tomoe doesn't go as far. Similar to 5DD can be used as an okizeme tool although opponents can delay their tech to avoid the entire move. More usable in pressure than 5DD due to faster startup, although again provides less frame advantage. Similar to 5DD, can sometimes catch rolls and is a dangerous move to whiff. Less "usable" than 5DD in neutral because Tomoe doesn't go as far, but 5DD was never a particularly strong neutral tool to begin with. One of the main usages of 2DD is to follow up 5B counter hit punishes for strong corner carry and damaging combo paths (5B CH > 2DD carries opponent from one corner to the other and deals 4k meterless damage).

j.C
	Probably Chie's best aerial move. Has a maximum leash distance from Chie. Large horizontal hitbox for Chie, although not quite as far-reaching as 5C. Excellent vertical hitbox as well, so can surprise opponents, although it's still pretty easy to antiair. Sadly, Chie's only meterless option besides DP to beat Minazuki standing still spamming 4A. Slightly stalls air momentum so can be used to bait antiairs, although if not spaced well Chie will still get hit by many antiairs. Hitbox goes a bit behind Tomoe meaning IAD j.C in pressure can cross up and can convert to a combo off counterhit (If they try to antiair, which is often too slow). 11 frames of startup so slower than Personaless aerials, but the greater range more than compensates for that. Sees use as aerial combo filler after j.A or j.B and provides good damage. Sees good use in corner pressure after 5C > jump back j.C x Infinity as corner Persona pressure because Tomoe stays on the opponent but Chie is safe from reversals. On aerial counter hit the opponent cannot tech until they hit the ground, which allows for plenty of time to confirm a hit.
j.5/4/2/8D
	Aerial Tomoe helicopter normal. Often seen used in full screen when Chie misses the input for Agneyastra. Very slow normal with very long recovery, but also very active and good at controlling screen space. Inputting 5/4/2/8 with the J.D will change Tomoe's position slightly. Also worth noting is that Tomoe will always go towards the opponent, meaning if Chie IADs over the opponent and uses j.2D, Tomoe will go backwards to hit the opponent for a decent midscreen crossup. Can be used to cover your head against aerial attacks like Adachi's 2D or Kanji's dive, but not often the best answer to those. Good at making opponents afraid of jumping in, but leaves Tomoe out to be punished. Very plus on block, but a bit risky to throw out due to slow startup and the fact that you have to jump mid-pressure to use it. Sees use in aerial combos as a way to return the combo to the ground to continue with 5A/5B. Sometimes used to end combos and leads into 2DD/5DD oki that leaves Chie spaced fairly safely away. In the corner, used after an aerial combo ends to force block on airtech and lead to 2B AUB reset and forces an opponent that teched out of the corner back in. Note that j.8D is one of the more used j.D's in combos but has 600 P2 while the others have 200 P2, making it shorten combos slightly.

Ground Throw (C+D)
	Universal throw. 5 frame startup with about as much range as a microdash 5A. Obviously only use is in pressure as it cannot be used midcombo and is pretty useless in footsies. Sees most use in 5A/2A/Throw stagger pressure although can be used after 2D, any Rampage, and D Black Spot. Fairly risky because punishable on whiff and on throw break the opponent generally ends up in a more favorable spacing, as well as being at a frame advantage. Can be canceled into OMC/OMB for combo. On counter hit, can pick up combo with 2A or can safe jump. Necessary part of pressure as Chie's overheads aren't the strongest options. Can catch opponents with overheads if they're looking to tech throws and vice versa. Watch out for Fuzzy Jump obviously.
Air Throw (j.C+D)
	Universal air throw. 4 frame startup with a small hitbox (smaller horizontal hitbox than j.A although vertical hitbox is very slightly larger). Good at catching opponents who respect aerial blockstrings, but is pretty easily beaten because of the small range. Similarly to ground throw, leads to combo off of OMC/OMB and 2A off of counter hit, although the combo won't be quite as long on air throw. Sees use after air combos for a reset such as AoA~C > j.BB > airdash > j.C+D, although some of these resets depend on how the opponent air techs (if at all). Usable after opponent blocks j.D to catch them if they're afraid of the AUB 2B. 

Furious Action A.K.A. DP(B+D)
	Universal reversal. Chie's is a counter with 9 frames of armor, and will counterattack if she is attacked or grabbed during that time. Fatal recovery means if this gets baited the opponent will likely get a very damaging combo, and only 9 active frames means the opponent can unintentionally bait it just by being slow. Also it's armor and not invul, so the opponent can just jump cancel their move or OMC and then punish it. The attack is also fairly slow startup so the safejump timing against it is very lenient. On counter hit gets a midscreen combo with B+D (CH) > A Power Charge > microdash 5C, and in the corner gets a full combo meterless with B+D (CH) > 5AA > 5AA air confirm corner path. Very fast recovery, so can be used repeatedly from fullscreen to force Chie into awakening without allowing the opponent to close the distance and punish, although some opponents with quick fullscreen options can punish it.
Air Furious Action A.K.A. Air DP (j.B+D)
	Chie's air DP. Immedately does the kicks without having to counter a hit. Does significantly less damage than the grounded version (~1k less), although has a significantly faster startup at 6 frames. Fatal recovery makes this a fairly dangerous move to throw out. 7 fames of invul make it usable when desperate. Covers a similar angle to aerial Dragon Kick. Only advantage over aerial Dragon Kick is the slightly faster startup and 7 frames of invul. With meter, j.236CD is a safer option as it maintains aerial actions for Chie, although it doesn't have the invul and costs 25 meter. Can be super canceled into Agneyastra, or into any super when landing. On counter hit, allows same combos as grounded DP. Can be used to end aerial combos although this is definitely not suggested as it will leave the opponent able to punish the combo with a Fatal Counter. Possible to follow up with Agneyastra to make it safe, but there is almost no situation where using aerial DP instead of Dragon Kick is better, except maybe to invul through a blue burst to finish the round.

Guard Cancel Attack (6A+B)
    A way to get out of an opponent's offensive pressure using 50 meter. Uses Chie's 5B animation, and thus suffers from the limited range of the move. Sometimes will work, sometimes will clash with the opponent's attack. Has armor throughout duration of attack, meaning opponent can react with DP, OMC, or jump cancel and punish it. Also, due to the nature of armor in 1.1, each time the armor is hit the attack startup is slowed down, allowing more time for the opponent to react easier (The most extreme example of this is Aigis using all 120 bullets on 236B on Labrys's DP). In general sees very little use, although due to this it can surprise opponents not expecting it if used sparingly. Due to Chie's long Evasive Action distance, Guard Cancel Evasive Action is preferable. Due to the sheer amount of damage Chie can convert out of meter, being patient while blocking can be preferable.

A Rampage (236A)
    A version of Rampage. Combo/blockstring filler move. Sees little to no use outside of in the middle of pressure/combo strings. In pressure, can be canceled into out of any A/B/C normal, frame trapping after any A/B normal and being tight after a C normal. While it is -8 on block, very rarely will people punish it properly because going into Skull Cracker leaves a small gap that beats mashes, and it recovers faster than most DPs can start up. Can follow up with block to bait reversals, Skull Cracker for a high, 2A for a low, or throw. The hit timings of 236A > 236B and 236A > 2A are somewhat similar so it can be a scary mixup for opponents, although the Rampage telegraphs to them to prepare for this mixup. Also sees use in pressure as 236A > OMC > j.A/j.B/2A/throw instant overhead/instant mixup. When hitting an aerial opponent, will knock them too far away for any followup, so 236B is the Rampage of choice in air confirms. On the ground, combos into A Skull Cracker. Does not combo into B Skull Cracker, allowing for resets if the opponent isn't awarely blocking, but loses to an opponent mashing DP and doesn't lead to much outside the corner. When used in a corner combo, the followup A Skull Cracker can generally be followed up for a good combo and knockdown. When used in a midscreen combo, the A Skull Cracker cannot be followed up for good knockdown, so your options are to grab for a reset, use A normals to reapply pressure, or do A Skull Cracker > C Black Spot > dash cancel > 2B AUB reset.
B Rampage (236B)
    B version of Rampage. Combo/blockstring filler move. Much slower startup compared to A version, meaning it won't combo all the time, and is much easier to react to and punish in pressure. Will go over a crouching opponent midscreen allowing them to easily punish the resulting whiffed ending. Any Skull Cracker followup is frame tight and allows a similar mixup as A version. +2 on block, making it much safer in pressure if the startup isn't punished and a great way to reset pressure. Unlike A version, will almost always combo on both air/ground hit and will almost always combo into B Skull Cracker, with high proration and weird spacings being the exception. Sees a lot of use in damaging combos as a way to lead into B Skull Cracker and to convert off of an aerial hit. In combos almost always canceled into B Skull Cracker.
SB Rampage (236AB)
    SB version of Rampage. Combo/blockstring filler move. Similar startup to A Rampage makes it fairly safe to throw out, and it is +6 on block making it an excellent way to reset pressure. Obviously costs 25 meter so it's not a tool that can be used infinitely. In combos sees use as a way to go into B Skull Cracker, allowing the damaging combo paths related to that. Cannot really pick up aerial opponents, similar to A version. Pretty damaging on its own as well. In a short combo, can also go into 5B allowing a decently damaging combo with good corner push for 25 meter.
Aerial A Rampage (j.236A)
    Aerial version of A Rampage. Very fast startup at 6 frames, but of course requires Chie to be airborne before use. Like A Rampage, knocks aerial opponents too far away to properly followup, so only potential viable use is against grounded opponents. Minus on block and doesn't hit high, so not particularly useful against grounded opponents. Most often seen as kind of a panic move if 5AAA is used in a blockstring, although it's not much of a better option. Other than that, rarely sees use.
Aerial B Rampage (j.236B)
    Aerial version of B Rampage. Doesn't see much use outside of aerial combos, not even particularly in aerial blockstrings. Similar to B Rampage, combos well against aerial opponents and leads into B Skull Cracker easily. Combos after of almost every aerial hit (j.A, j.B, j.C) and brings the combo back to the ground. Doesn't see much use against grounded opponents, as it will often go too high to continue hitting a grounded opponent.
Aerial SB Rampage (j.236AB)
    Aerial version of SB Rampage. After use, can press any directional button to adjust the trajectory of the move, although this doesn't see too much practical application. In general doesn't see much use, similar to j.236A, although not horrendously useless against aerial opponents. Damaging, but that meter is better spent on SB Dragon Kick or a super. If used close to the ground, Chie will land before the move is active, but she will be able to cancel into Skull Cracker, allowing for instant Skull Cracker grounded overhead. 
    
A Skull Cracker (236A after Rampage)
	A version of Skull Cracker. Hits high then low, and thus is one of Chie's 3 standing overheads (the others being AoA and God's Hand) although it has the long startup of the entire duration of Rampage. -12 on block making it very unsafe on block. 
	
Note: Black Spot can actually be low profiled
Note: 236236CD > OMC > stuff the second hit of SB God's Hand changes timing based on something. I think it's based on Chie's moves, but it could just as easily be PS3 lag.
Note: D God's Hand has minimum damage of 1344.