How to deal with Chie

This certainly isn't necessary because the vast majority of the cast already has extremely exploitable tools they can use to deal with Chie, but I feel obligated to write this because I've gotten away with much more than I should be allowed to get away with.

Bursting
	For every 50 meter/OMB, Chie adds ~1.5k damage to her combos with an extra 500 damage thrown in on very resource-intensive paths. 5A midscreen confirm is 2.5k base, 5A corner confirm is 3k base, 5B CH confirm is 4.5k base. If it's not a 5B starter, it'll generally follow along the 5A paths. Air confirm adds about 500-1000 damage and 2A starter subtracts about 500 damage. From here it's really easy to calculate if a combo will kill and if you should burst to survive.
	As for when to burst, there are a few important places that are very hard/impossible for Chie to bait bursts in her combos. These points are generally 2DD in the 5B (CH) > 2DD path and any Rampage, where Chie has great difficulty properly baiting burst during 2DD and must hard bait burst with OMC during Rampage. Do not burst any normal as just about every single one of Chie's normals are jump cancelable and can easily be jump canceled to bait bursts. In my experience, almost every single burst I've baited has been by jump canceling 5C in a 5AA > 5C string. There are other situations when you should burst, but the guideline of "Burst during Rampage" should cover about 80% of all situations.
	Personally, I would prefer to burst a bit late rather than early, as Chie has to commit either 50 meter or OMB early in a damaging route in order to get any decent mileage out of a combo, so once you see Chie OMB or Power Charge, that's a signal that the combo is scary and that it might be worthwhile to burst.
	Chie has some burst-safe enders after CH DP or OMB, but if you follow the Rampage rule, you should at least not whiff the burst. Note that the Rampage rule also applies to Shadow Chie combos, as burst-safe paths never use Rampage, but the more damaging non-burst-safe paths will incorporate a Rampage in. Don't blindly mash burst because you can during a shadow rampage combo because many burst-safe paths use 214CD which will armor through the burst and then you will die.

Pressure
	Rampage
		Rampage is a move that I personally use frequently to frametrap and/or try to reset pressure, but non-SB Rampages are not particularly safe, nor are they good for pressure. There are a lot of situations that can occur from A/B Rampage that I've gotten away with that I really should not have, so I'll list out some of the possibilities. Note that for the most part these happen in the corner, as Chie generally won't risk a midscreen Rampage because she gets very little off of a hit.
			236A~236A
				A Rampage > A Skull Cracker. Very basic way to check if the opponent knows what Skull Cracker is. If the opponent blocks this, A Skull Cracker is -12 on block so the opponent can punish in a multitude of ways. One of the ways people try is with DP, but some DPs are too slow to punish and then Chie blocks and then she kills you. A Rampage > A Skull Cracker leaves a 1 frame gap so doing anything besides a reversal will get you hit. Skull Cracker can also catch backdash in the corner so that isn't particularly recommended either. A Rampage is -8 on block, so if Chie blocks instead of committing to Skull Cracker, she'll block the reversal and then kill you. In general, the most common solution to 236A~236A has been to wait for the A Skull Cracker and then punish with a fast normal.
			236A~236A > 214A
				Chie's solution to pressing buttons after A Skull Cracker. I believe A Herculean Strike leaves a 5 frame gap after A Skull Cracker, which means anything but fast normals will get caught by this. The pullback from A Herculean Strike can also dodge some moves anyway. People have tried to beat this by DPing between A Skull Cracker and A Herculean Strike, but blocking after A Skull Cracker often allows Chie to still be able to block the reversal and then punish. Most people actually get counter hit here so I'm a bit lacking in experience after this point. 214A is going to be about -14 on block, so it's pretty easily punished after blocking with many normals.
			236A~236A > 214A > 214C
				Chie's solution to pressing buttons after A Herculean Strike. I believe C Black Spot leaves a 3 frame gap after A Skull Cracker. The situation with 214C and 214A is pretty much identical to the situation with 214A and 236A~236A. It's possible to DP through this but sometimes Chie can just block and can sometimes block the DP after 214A. 214C is -7 on block so it's a bit harder to punish, but generally you can press buttons because Chie doesn't really have anything else up her sleeve after this without using meter. At this point, most of my opponents have gotten counter hit, but at the very least they've gotten hit by C Black Spot so they're free to air tech out of the corner
			236A~236A > 214A > 214C > dash cancel
				Dash canceling 214C is -6 on block instead of -7. That's all. Fast buttons or grab will just flat out beat anything Chie does at this point except if she uses meter.
			236A~236A > 214A > 214C > DP/dash cancel > DP
				Chie's last ace in the hole. Any slower buttons will get caught by the DP and Chie gets a meterless conversion off of CH DP in the corner. Kind of a Hail Mary at this point, but sometimes it works.
			236A~236A > 214A > 214C > 5A/dash cancel > 5A
				More often than not, if an opponent has not pressed any buttons from Rampage the Black Spot, they're not in a button pressing mood so Chie can restart 5A pressure again. Also a strong response against opponents who fear the dash cancel DP; if an opponent waits for all 9 frames of DP to pass before doing a move, then if 5A comes out instead of DP, they'll just block the 5A and pressure will be restarted.
			236A > 2A
				Opponents that are blocking high waiting for the Skull Cracker can be tagged by 2A. Decently large gap, but most people are afraid to press buttons at this point because A Rampage > A Skull Cracker is a 1 frame gap to catch mashing and A Rampage > block beats DP most of the time. Even if they block the 2A, that leads back into 5A and resets pressure for Chie.
			236A~236B
				Leaves a much larger gap than 236A~236A (5 frames instead of 1?). What this does catch, however, is an opponent switching their block to low either to match their mental timing of A Skull Cracker or because they think 2A is coming and try to block low for that. B Skull Cracker is a marginally better starter than A Skull Cracker so this is a nice string for Chie. It works way more often than it should and those who have played me often have come to expect B Skull Cracker after A Rampage at this point. B Skull Cracker is only -7 on block so it's safer than A Skull Cracker and leads into the same 214A shenanigans if it's blocked. Most people used to me have started mashing grab after 236A, which will beat 236B and can beat 236A > Block if not teched
			236A > C+D
				Some opponents wait for either a Skull Cracker or 2A after A Rampage so they aren't expecting a grab. People mashing grab after 236A to beat B Rampage get to tech this for free
			236A > jump/hop > air buttons
				I've only done this once or twice when I've read the grab after A Rampage. In general this is super uncommon except against people who have figured out that grab beats B Skull Cracker and that I almost always go for B Skull Cracker
			236A~236A
				You might be asking, "Wait, didn't we already cover this?" and you'd be right. But this time the A Skull Cracker serves a different purpose. People who have come to expect B Skull Cracker and want to disrespect it get caught by A Skull Cracker because there's only a 1 frame gap, and so the guessing game cycle begins anew.
			236B~236B
				B Rampage is very different from A Rampage. For one, all Skull Crackers after B Rampage are tight. Additionally, B Rampage is +2 on block so it's pretty good for restarting pressure on its own. Furthermore, B Rampage has a slower startup so it actually catches a lot of people out of jump startup interestingly enough. Main problem with B Rampage is that if the opponent crouches, B Rampage kinda flies above them for a bit, and they get a free 2B for most (all?) of the cast. B Rampage is also funny midscreen because if the opponent crouches, it goes over them and then they get an easy punish
			TL;DR Solution to Rampage:
				See how far the Chie likes to go and DP before then, and then begin the DP guessing game. If they go all the way to Black Spot and dash cancel it, punish with fast normal or grab. You might be able to punish Herculean Strike with some options. I don't know. If they tend to use B Skull Cracker, just mash grab. That also beats 236A > grab, limiting Chie's options and forcing her to start using A Skull Cracker or go for some weirder stuff.
	Resets/Gimmicks
		In general, you aren't going to see a lot of these from Chies that are not me. The reason for this is that after seeing the idea behind one AUB 2B reset setup from a Japanese stream, I invented every other advanced setup on my own, and never really shared with others because the other Chies were good enough to not need the gimmicks, and I don't really get many opportunities to talk to them. Nor do I think they particularly care, given that I've created most of this stuff during the dying moments of the game. Note that a lot of things you can get out of by mashing DP, but if Chie decides to do nothing then you die.
			Grounded string > AoA
				The day 1 netplay. No one gets hit by this anymore. Neither should you. I've had multiple situations where I forgot what the sweep input was and did 5A+B instead of 2A+B in a string and people still blocked it.
			236A~236B
				A Rampage to B Skull Cracker. Doesn't combo on standing opponent on non-fatal combo if A Rampage was not the starter. In other words, it's not a combo if you're standing. This reset normally happens in the corner, as that's where Chie gets the most mileage out of it. Pretty much there's no reason not to block it normally a la Pascal's Wager (Risk/Reward of inputting the Skull Cracker block vs not). I've stolen way too many rounds from this to feel smug about it anymore.
			236A > C+D
				A Rampage to grab. Similar to 236A~236B except that you can't block it. It also is super slow so if you're paying attention while you're getting hit this won't actually work. Also different from 236A~236B in that it'll happen midscreen as well as the corner. Main benefit of doing this midscreen is that it's really hard for Chie to get good meterless knockdown with the usual A Skull Cracker followup.
			Corner 236B~236B > 5C > buttons > j.BB > j.A > j.A > 2B
				Typical formula for 2B AUB reset. This type of reset generally requires a B Rampage > B Skull Cracker and the scariest version uses j.BB > j.A > j.A, which is another giveaway. It's possible to do these resets without the j.BB > j.A > j.A, but it's much looser and super easy to get out of. If you have an air DP, you can mash that as an option. Other options include mashing jump and then punishing the 2B when coming down. Mashing air backdash or airdash also tends to work, and you can generally punish the 2B with the former. Another option is just to not tech, but you take a bit more damage for that and miss out on the opportunity to punish the 2B, although in certain situations it does get you out of the corner.
			Midscreen 236B~236B > 5C > dash cancel > j.BB j.A > j.A > 2B
				This is by far my favorite invention. It happens on a midscreen combo that gets an air hit 236B~236B. What makes this setup so amazing is that the 2B ends up crossing under the opponent, so they'll just get hit the first few times without getting the AUB exclamation mark. Similar to the one above, can be jumped out of or airdashed out of. This setup is not actually air unblockable unless the 2B is delayed slightly. Against a new opponent, guaranteed to work at least 2 times: once for the crossup, and once for the air unblockable.
			Corner 2C |> AoA
				2C to AoA is actually a real combo and generally is Chie's optimal combo ender in terms of damage and meter gain. When people are shaking out of ice, they tend to suck at blocking high and blocking in the right direction, so this takes advantage of that and resets for an AoA starter. If they decide to give up on shaking out of ice, then the AoA continues the combo normally and it's still the optimal ender anyway.
			Corner 2C > 5AAA (2) > j.236AB~236B
				Another one of my personal favorite inventions. This takes advantage of the fact that the opponent is forced into restand after 2C and goes for the autocombo into instant Skull Cracker path. This only works on certain combos, usually AoA starters, or else the instant Skull Cracker will be too far for the high hit. The reason for this has something to do with where in the autocombo the combo actually drops, as the combo needs to be prorated enough for the combo to drop between 5AA and 5AAA. This was something I theorycrafted in bed and then woke up the next morning and found that it worked, so I'm actually kinda proud of this one.
			AoA~C > j.BB > airdash > j.C+D
				Midscreen AoA airthrow reset. Chie doesn't really have good knockdown options after AoA~C, so this is generally her best bet. Beaten by neutral teching, no teching, or just by paying attention and teching the grab. I say midscreen because in the corner Chie gets access to all the AoA~D paths, and generally gets good knockdown, so no need for airthrow gimmicks.
	5A/2A/Grab Stagger Pressure
		This is generally agreed upon by higher level players to be some of Chie's best/safest pressure. There are a lot of solutions to this and a lot of solutions from Chie to handle those solutions so it becomes a game of picking a good defensive option that is not the one the Chie is looking for. A couple options are mash grab, mash jab, mash DP, mash backdash, mash roll, jump out, and fuzzy jump out. There are more than this, but I'd be lying if I said I knew all these good defensive options. If I did, I'd probably get hit a lot less than I actually do, and I can assure you I get hit a lot.
			Grab
				Universally everyone's fastest move at 5 frames, not counting counters that can come out in 1 frame. Chie's 5A is +0 on block and has 5 frames of startup, meaning that if done theoretically perfectly (which I don't think is possible without getting 5AA instead; I think a 1 frame gap for microdash or something is required to avoid 5AA), 5A > 5A will tie with grab meaning it loses and Chie gets counterhit. Also good because if Chie goes for a grab in pressure, you'll tech it.
				Chie's has a few options to beat mash grab. One is to do a tight string, backdash, and punish the grab whiff animation with microdash 5C/2B. Another is to just frametrap with 5A |> 2A, 5A |> 5AA, 5A(A) > 2B, 5A(A) > 5C, 5A > 5C > 236A/B/AB, 5AA > j.C or any other possible combination. My personal favorite answer is to beat grab with AoA, as Chie's AoA leaves her airborne and thus ground throw invul, and AoA generally leads to a lot and good meter gain. Chie also has some other airborne options to beat grab, such as hop mid pressure, instant airturn backdash crossup j.B, instant airdash airturn crossup j.B, jump delay j.C, etc.
			Jab
				The viability of this is very character specific, and IBs might be required for this to work. From what I can think of, mashing jab has two main differences from mashing grab: you don't get the nice added bonus of autoteching grabs, but you don't have the horrendous whiff animation that grab has. It's also slightly harder to execute because generally you're crouching to block 2A, and most characters have their fastest mash as 5A, so you need to stand up again to mash properly. Beats 2C/2DD/Any non-special followup to 5C.
				Chie's options to beat this are very similar to beating grab. The above frametraps are still very strong here. Backdash is a bit iffier because of faster whiff recovery on jabs most of the time. AoA loses to jump canceled/DP canceled jabs with good reactions. Can beat hop, depending on a couple of factors regarding blockstun and reactions. Loses to the j.B options generally.
			DP
				Actually one of the best options to beat the frametraps and forces the Chie to think a bit more about their pressure. Note that mashing DP is not really an option for Elizabeth, Labrys, and Shadow Labrys because it's super easy to react to their DPs and punish accordingly. Apparently Chie has some option select against Adachi's DP where she can IK it, but it's obviously situational and I've never personally investigated it. While DP is risky and you're probably pretty close to dead if you fail, I think it's important to show your DP at least once to remind the Chie that it's there and they have to play around it.
				What Chie does against each character's DP depends on the character. Most of the time, backdash/instant air backdash will dodge the DP and then she gets to kill you. Against Chie, she can just jump cancel a normal. Backdash/instant air backdash is generally a good option for Chie to see what the opponent likes to do against 5A pressure, so you can expect to see it often. Against some other counter DPs, she can jump over and j.C, or do one of the j.B options, to safely trigger the counter and punish. Against Elizabeth, Labrys, and Shadow Labrys, I like to just react to the DP and AoA, personally. 
			Backdash
				Surprisingly difficult execution-wise, as you can't backdash while crouching. Technically beats frametraps because you only need a 1 frame gap while standing to backdash, but if you mess up the execution you get hit and look like an idiot. After backdash, you can punish most things that are not A normals if you're prepared for it, such as 5C, 2B, and grab. I think backdash responds well to j.B options but personally I'm bad, miss the airturn occasionally, and just airdash into their backdash to continue pressure.
				Chie has a weird time calling out backdash if she wants to maintain pressure. Obviously if she backdashes, then everything gets reset to neutral, where a non-Chie generally has the advantage. She can call out the backdash super hard by running and chasing it down, and 5A air confirm is pretty damaging. 5A > 2C is another super hard callout that might only beat backdash. 5AA > 5B > 5C > 2C is actually a string that beats backdash and jump/fuzzy jump out. 
			Roll
				This is probably one of the gutsiest options against a mixup that includes grabs. I never really see it except on 1 bar netplay. Beats loose frametraps. If I'm not saying much here that's because I've rarely seen it and thought about punishing it. It beats 5AA > 5C and the 2C paths above. It also is an option against j.B options to get out and reset neutral.
				Loses to putting grabs in pressure, which is what Chie tends to do. Loses to tighter frametraps like 5AA > 2B. Loses to backdash and air backdash, the latter is slightly devastating because rolling in reaction to Chie jumping to prepare for a j.B crossup will end up with you rolling into Chie to get punished. Additionally, while roll beats 5C > 2C pretty cleanly, I believe it loses often to 5C > 2DD, although most Chies are actually really bad at converting off of inner hit 2DD.
			Jump
				I want to say there are two basic ways that opponents try to jump out. One is simply holding upback, which will beat grabs, j.B crossup options, AoA, and certain slower frametraps. The problem with just holding down upback is that it results in stand blocking, meaning 2A will hit. People have gotten around this by repeatedly inputting 171, that is, crouch blocking, upbacking if possible out of a string, and then back to crouch blocking. Depending on the timing/cleanliness of the input, this can still get caught by 2A, and particularly by two 2A's in succession. If done properly, 2A x 2 should never beat this, though. Similarly, if not done properly, it's still possible to get grabbed out of this. Other than these points, 171 shares much of the same strengths and weaknesses of holding down upback.
				Chie can call out jumping out a couple of ways. The aforementioned 5AA > 5B > 5C > 2C will still win, among certain other frametraps to catch jump startup. Minor things involving blockstun and jumping mean that not every frametrap will actually allow the opponent to jump (5A > 2A > 5A > 5C only leaves a 2 frame gap between 5A and 5C, and only rarely beats 171). Slight delay 5C has historically worked pretty well for me, and using 2B instead could work in a similar manner. If I'm sure they aren't looking for it/will be surprised by it, 236B is great because it's +2 on block so it's easy to reset pressure, and will catch an opponent trying to jump out, either out of jump startup or out of jump nonblocking frames. 236B is risky for Chie, though, as it's punishable against a crouching opponent because it goes over the opponent and allows for a 2B in the corner and an easy full punish midscreen. 236B is particularly weird because they can jump out safely if the beginning hits of 236B don't connect. Meaning it's great in the corner, but can only really be used after short strings at close distance (2B, 5AA > one followup) midscreen. Occasionally, I've used hop > airthrow to catch jump out and certain counter DPs (such as Rise's); 5C |> j.C or 5B > j.C works in a similar fashion, although a bit harder to time well. If j.C is blocked, Chie has to either commit to another move and risk eating a 2B, or run away, resetting to neutral.
			Fuzzy Jump
				1 > 7C+D > 1. That one option select that everyone has heard about, but not that many people actually know when and how to use. I'll be completely honest and say I'm not a super professional option selector myself, but I do know that some people (myself for example) just blindly spam this on defense and it's pretty good even when you have no idea what you're doing/why. Against j.B crossups, this will yield counterhit airthrow the vast majority of the time (As in, this should win unless you mess up the input). Ties with hop > airthrow, but no one really does that. Depending on the timing, can either beat, block, or lose to jump delay j.C; against slower timings for j.C, it will counter the j.C, and against others it will either block or get hit. Either techs grab or gets out, resetting to neutral. Any time jumping out is safe against 236B, you're probably going to get an airthrow on the 236B, with only a few weird exceptions. I might be wrong in saying this, but I have trouble seeing any situation where adding the grab to 171 actually makes the defense stronger except against weird airgrab callouts. What I do see is that any time you can jump out, the airgrab is usually pretty safe and can be used to punish things where normally just 171 would result in resetting to neutral.
				In general, anything that works against jumping out works against fuzzy jump. Chie does have a particularly amazing hard callout in the corner which is just raw 214C. The Fatal Counter this yields against the airgrab turns into 5k meterless in the corner and over 50 meter gain, and is without a doubt Chie's best starter.
			2B
				With the exception of maybe Elizabeth, this really isn't a mash to expect normally. Maybe I'm writing this because out of the maybe 2-3k matches I've played, I'm pretty confident that over half of them have been against Liz. The reason 2B mash is a thing at all for Liz is because it leaves her airborne on frame 5 onward, making it additionally strong against grabs, and if it gets blocked then Liz has pretty good options to reset to neutral or continue pressure. On paper, 2B isn't a particularly good option against 5A/2A/Grab pressure, because most 2B's are rather slow and will lose to stagger 5A or grab. 2B mash will lose to just about every frame trap, including j.C options, and get hit by AoA as well, so its viability probably seems highly suspect at this point. 2B will, however, tend to beat j.B crossup options which can end up being too fast to be reacted to, as well as having weird interactions with many other aerial options.
				Because this is kind of a meta option, Chie doesn't really need to try to call it out too much, except against Liz. Normal stagger pressure will beat 2B's pretty handily, and backdash/air backdash might give Chie enough time to punish the recovery with decent reactions.
	5A Mixup Options
		The earlier section was focused mostly on defensive options against Chie's 5A pressure and what Chie could do against each option. The problem with this format is that on defense, it's difficult to trace down what defensive options beat which of Chie's offensive options. In Computer Science terms, the map from defensive option to winning offensive option was essentially an O(1) lookup, while going from offensive option to winning defensive option required reading every description, essentially being an O(n) linear search. I'm just adding a mapping in the other way here.
			5A/2A
				This is the most fundamental part of pressure, sans grabs. The general formula for this pressure is up to three 5A/2A's in a string, followed by a microdash, followed by another string of up to three 5A/2A's. 5A has 5 frame startup; 2A has 7 frame startup. 5A is +0 on block; 2A is -3 on block. 5A > 2A and 2A > 5A is tight, assuming that it follows the three move limit per string. It does not have to be tight, however, as Chie can add an arbitrarily large gap between any two moves, although this is more difficult executionally. (TODO: I have no idea what the upper limit is on a gap before a sequence is no longer considered a single string. Logically, I suspect it's merely the length of the recovery of the move, but it'd be nice to confirm this. I doubt I have particularly good tools to test this with, though).
				At its most basic, this string beats stand blocking because of the 2A. Additionally, the gap between two strings is at least 5 (6? 1f microdash to prevent 5AA?) frames so faster pressure can beat slower mashes including many 5A's and 2A's. Jumping out is also difficult because the 2A's prevent just holding up back and instead require a 171 input. Moreover, when jumping, there are 3 frames of jump startup and 5 frames after startup, all of which disallow blocking, essentially leaving an 8 frame window to get hit. Adding small gaps between 5A's and 2A's will allow Chie to beat pressing any buttons without invulnerability.
				The easiest solution to a Chie who exclusively uses 5A and 2A in pressure is just to crouch block forever, as Chie has no way of opening up a crouch blocking opponent with these two moves exclusively and must incorporate something else into her mixup.
				Backdash can escape any string with a 1 frame gap when stand blocking, or 2 frame gap when crouch blocking, if I recall correctly. Backdashing can be executionally difficult as the input of 44 translates to stand blocking, releasing block, and stand blocking again, which means unfortunate/unclean executions can result in getting hit by 2A or even 5A during the small gap when block is released. Additionally, in the corner, Chie can react to the backdash and punish because no space is made in the corner.
				DP. By now I'm sure everyone is familiar with this option. If there is even a single gap in Chie's pressure, then a DP can get through. Note that DP is not really an option for Labrys, Shadow Labrys, and Elizabeth, as an aware Chie can react to the armor hitstop from the Labryses or the Shuffle Time animation from Liz and punish accordingly (AoA, block Labrys DP, jump/hop Liz DP, backdash, DP the DP, etc). Despite Margaret having a grab DP like Liz, in my experience she does not suffer quite as much as Liz in this field, due to the significantly faster startup being harder to react to and being actually able to get a counterhit against Chie's pressure (Chie can whiff like 3 5A'S against Liz DP and still be able to punish).
				Doing something after a string of 3 5A/2A's. This "something" can be to grab, use a fast normal, Evasive Action, or any other option that would fit in a ~6 frame gap (~8 frame gap with instant blocks). Chie is limited to 3 5A/2A's in a string, so the 4th 5A/2A would leave somewhere between a ~6 frame and 10 frame gap. Grab is universally 5 frames, so a proper grab would beat even a frame perfect 5A > 5A (Even if a 1 frame gap isn't necessary between the 5A's, the 5A and the grab would happen on the same frame, and the game would prioritize the grab at that point). Some characters' jabs are too slow to beat a fast 5A > 5A, and sometimes instant blocks are necessary. Evasive Action startup is 3 frames, but an aware Chie can react to it and grab depending on spacing, or backdash and punish (or maybe forward dash and punish/continue pressure. I'm not completely sure about the frame data for turning around against rolls). Unless they are specifically looking for it, though, a Chie will rarely react fast enough to punish.
				Fuzzy jump, or even just 1 > 7 > 1 generally beats plain 5A/2A pressure. If done incorrectly (too slow, I believe), it's still possible to get tagged by 2A > 2A, but this is obviously remedied by simply doing it correctly. I'm not too sure of the specific mechanics, but the blockstun prevents jumping out if the gap between two strings is small enough, so a faster string of 5A's and 2A's will never actually catch jump startup because it never happens. If Chie opts for a larger gap, however, it can catch the jump.
			5A/2A/Grab
				Identical to the previous section, but with grabs included this time. By adding tick throws, Chie's pressure becomes a lot scarier as just down-backing is no longer enough most of the time. The formula for this pressure is up to three 5A/2A's followed by a microdash and then a grab. I think there needs to be at least a 1 frame gap between the A normal input and the grab, or else a D normal will come out instead, but I could be mistaken here.
				The advantage of adding tick throws to pressure for Chie is that the opponent can't just hold crouch block and then check their phone or go to sleep. Other than that, any time a grab would be effective, a 5A would be able to serve much the same purpose, with the exception of if both players try to grab, obviously. Without resources or counter hit, Chie does not get much off of grab; not even a safejump (I'm curious about instant airturn backdash j.A, but I highly doubt it).
				If this is the only pressure Chie is going for, it can be beaten by crouch blocking and having good reactions. Teching a throw puts the one who teched at a 2 frame advantage, I think, so successfully teching a throw ends Chie's pressure. Even if the throw "tech" was preemptive and Chie ends up being the one to tech, the distance created by the tech is almost always disadvantageous for Chie anyway.
				Similar to the grabless 5A/2A pressure, backdash, DP, and fast buttons after a string of 3 A normals will win in much the same fashion.
				Hop is a very hard callout, but yields some of the best reward as a hopped normal will counterhit the grab and likely lead to good damage. Hop almost exclusively beats grab, as almost every other option by Chie will beat it.
				Jumping out will avoid the grab and reset to neutral, where Chie is generally disadvantageous. As before, merely holding up back is not enough because of the use of 2A in strings, so when I say jump I mean 1 > 7 > 1. Fuzzy Jumping works the same in this case, except that Fuzzy Jumping can sometimes end up teching the grab for some reason (I think it's when I input it incorrectly), but as mentioned before teching the grab is generally disadvantageous for Chie. Similar to the previous section, if Chie leaves a large enough gap in her pressure, she can catch the jump with 5A.
			AoA
				Commonly referred to as the netplay special. A move that I believe is overrated by new players, but heavily underrated by higher level players. As a 26 frame startup overhead, it can be hard to react to for an unprepared opponent. The formula for this is up to three 5A/2A's canceled into an AoA. -21 on block, so it's incredibly risky without OMC meter.
				Primarily, AoA is used to beat unprepared crouch blocking opponents due to the fact that it hits high. More interestingly, Chie goes airborne during part of her AoA animation, which means that an opponent mashing standing throw tech will whiff the throw and then get hit. Additionally, AoA has armor from frame 10 onwards, and 5A/2A produce 10 frames of blockstun, so from the moment the opponent can act, the AoA armor is active. This makes AoA a particularly effective counter to mash jab, and can actually armor through some DPs.
	Corner 5C > j.C > j.C > 5C > j.C > j.C > 5C > Repeat x infinity
		This is not real against most characters. I thought it was not real against any character but as it turns out Shadow Labrys actually doesn't have many good answers to it, so I'm a bit more doubtful now. The most interesting thing about this particular string is that the possible responses change depending on the number of jumps back (and possibly depending on the move the initial 5C follows: 5B, 2B, 5A, 5AA). Chie gets at most two jumps back and then must either forward jump or neutral jump; three jumps is too far for j.C to hit, although 5C will still hit and it's surprisingly hard for opponents to respond to whiffed j.C at that spacing.
	Corner 5C > j.C > j.B > 5C > Repeat x infinity
		This is similarly not real, but differently so. The primary difference in this string is that Chie does not jump back, but instead forward jumps or neutral jumps in order to maintain pressure. Other differences are that j.B hits high and the gap between j.C > j.B is smaller than that of j.C > j.C. Because Chie is staying in close quarters, she is more susceptible to 2B's, although some 2B's actually lose. I intend to make a list of every typical spacing of both this string and the j.C loop string to figure out what each character can do against each one. The amazing thing about this string is that it actually ends up safejumping some DPs (5C > j.C is tight, and j.B to 5C is tight; if not, j.B > 5B > 5C is tight for the exact same effect. I'm talking about DPing the gap between j.C and j.B here) such as Ken's DP. In fact, if this is done correctly and all of his responses are reacted to quickly and properly, Ken actually has no good way of getting out of this string without instant blocks: forward jump only loses to roll and beats 2B, and neutral jump gives enough time to grab roll and only loses to 2B.
	Instant Skull Cracker
		There is nothing you can do to react to this. If they do everything as fast as possible, B Skull Cracker has 10 frames of startup and 2A has 7 frames of startup, so if you block low for 7 frames, high for 3 frames after that, and then block low again, but if they delay the 2A by 3 frames then all the effort was for naught. I can assure you that practicing the timings of these blocks is not particularly worthwhile and understanding that you just need to read when the Instant Skull Cracker is coming will make you happier in the long run. Like many things, DP can be an answer to get you out of this, but if Chie blocks then you die. There may be something behind the idea of blocking low and mashing DP where the blockstun of the jump in MIGHT make the 2A tight and the B Skull Cracker not, but this still loses to Chie just blocking. In general, the best idea is to just react to situations where an Instant Skull Cracker is possible, and make a guess. Three conditions need to be met for Instant Skull Cracker: 1) Chie needs 25 meter for the SB Rampage, 2) Chie needs to be airborne for the SB Rampage to be canceled immediately, and 3) Optionally, Chie needs to be in the corner. This last condition is not necessary, but Chie cannot convert off of Instant Skull Cracker midscreen without resources, so it's pretty safe to assume most Chies won't go for it except in the corner. I can't tell you when an Instant Skull Cracker is guaranteed to come, but I can tell you some common setups I've seen for it:
			hop cancel > j.B > Instant Skull Cracker
			Agneyastra > j.B > Instant Skull Cracker
			5/2DD > j.B > Instant Skull Cracker
			5/2DD > airdash j.BB > j.A > Instant Skull Cracker
		Chances are, the first time you play a Chie and they Instant Skull Cracker you, you're going to get hit by it. Once you learn their habits and when they like to go for Instant Skull Cracker, then you'll better be able to read when it's coming. If they're like me, they only really have one or two setups they've ever actually practiced so look for those. If they're not like me and they know what they're doing, then best of luck to you.